>> Jafar Husain: So we've written map,
I wanna do one more
function here just to drive home
building operators over observable.
And then we're gonna move in some
problem solving with observable.
My second favorite, maybe 3rd,
4th favorite after map is filter.
Filter, can anybody help me write filter,
I'm actually just gonna copy and
paste map, because they're very,
very similar.
>> Jafar Husain: So let's say I want
to modify our program here, and
I'm only interested when
the offset x is larger than 10.
>> Jafar Husain: Make sense?
Questions?
>> Jafar Husain: So,
>> Jafar Husain: Let's write our filter
function.
>> Jafar Husain: So
it starts out much the same way,
in fact all of this is going to be the
same except what happens inside of next.
Anybody wanna help me out here,
how am I gonna implement filter?
>> Speaker 2: We can call the predicate
within an if statement and pass the value.
>> Jafar Husain: So, if and
only if my test function,
my predicate succeeds on the value, will I
forward that value to next guy, all right?
>> Jafar Husain: And now we have filter.
>> Jafar Husain: So I'm gonna go ahead and
we're gonna run this, and
then see what happen,
op, that didn't work.
>> Jafar Husain: Uh-oh, see what happens
when I'm near the top left of that button
and I'm clicking?
I'm within ten of the X and so
therefore it gets filtered out, but
as soon as I move out here,
>> Jafar Husain: So
we built a little rx, guys.
So hopefully now we have the solid
understanding of observable,
how it really works from the bottom up.
I'm gonna keep this implementation around,
we might even come and
add to it later on as we instruct each
other on how these various operators work.
Thanks very much.
So that's the end of this section in
which we create a minimal observable.